changelog: v0.8.0 (#266)
tailscale-dev/vscode-tailscale: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to an [Odd-Even Versioning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_versioning#Odd-numbered_versions_for_development_releases) scheme. Odd-numbered versions are used for development and pre-release updates, while even-numbered versions are used for stable or public releases.

## v0.8.0 - October 31, 2023

> - Extension is out of beta and now generally available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Tailscale extension for VS Code is generally available (GA)
```
